com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/HorizontalFlipTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.HorizontalFlipTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/type/FillAnimation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.FillAnimation
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.FillAnimation$1
com/example/app/appcenter/widgets/roundedimageview/Corner.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.widgets.roundedimageview.Corner
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/FadeTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.FadeTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/data/type/ColorAnimationValue.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.data.type.ColorAnimationValue
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/data/type/FillAnimationValue.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.data.type.FillAnimationValue
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/GateTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.GateTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/drawer/type/ScaleDrawer.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.drawer.type.ScaleDrawer
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/drawer/type/ColorDrawer.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.drawer.type.ColorDrawer
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/CubeInDepthTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.CubeInDepthTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/data/type/DropAnimationValue.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.data.type.DropAnimationValue
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/DepthTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.DepthTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/utils/CoordinatesUtils.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.utils.CoordinatesUtils
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorAnimations.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorAnimations
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/data/PositionSavedState.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.data.PositionSavedState
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.data.PositionSavedState$1
com/example/app/appcenter/widgets/RatingBar.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.widgets.RatingBar
 com.example.app.appcenter.widgets.RatingBar$RatingBarListener
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/utils/DensityUtils.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.utils.DensityUtils
com/example/app/appcenter/widgets/roundedimageview/RoundedImageView.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.widgets.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView
 com.example.app.appcenter.widgets.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView$1
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/SliderView.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderView
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderView$1
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderView$OnSliderPageListener
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/PageIndicatorView.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.PageIndicatorView
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.PageIndicatorView$1
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.PageIndicatorView$2
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/type/DropAnimation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.DropAnimation
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.DropAnimation$1
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.DropAnimation$2
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.DropAnimation$AnimationType
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/type/ThinWormAnimation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.ThinWormAnimation
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.ThinWormAnimation$1
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/IndicatorManager.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.IndicatorManager
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.IndicatorManager$Listener
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/ActivityMoreAppsBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.ActivityMoreAppsBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/drawer/Drawer.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.drawer.Drawer
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/SliderAnimations.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderAnimations
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/type/ScaleDownAnimation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.ScaleDownAnimation
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/ListItemBackAppsBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.ListItemBackAppsBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/controller/MeasureController.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.controller.MeasureController
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/AnimationManager.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.AnimationManager
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/TossTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.TossTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/data/Orientation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.data.Orientation
com/example/app/appcenter/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.BuildConfig
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/drawer/type/SlideDrawer.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.drawer.type.SlideDrawer
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/LayoutTopsMoreAppsBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.LayoutTopsMoreAppsBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/DrawManager.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.DrawManager
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/CubeOutScalingTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.CubeOutScalingTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/type/ScaleAnimation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.ScaleAnimation
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.ScaleAnimation$1
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/drawer/type/DropDrawer.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.drawer.type.DropDrawer
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/PopTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.PopTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/CubeInRotationTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.CubeInRotationTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/LayoutNoInternetBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.LayoutNoInternetBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/drawer/type/WormDrawer.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.drawer.type.WormDrawer
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/SliderPager.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$1
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$2
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$3
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$4
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$DecorView
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$ItemInfo
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$LayoutParams
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$MyAccessibilityDelegate
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$OnAdapterChangeListener
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$OnPageChangeListener
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$OwnScroller
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$PageTransformer
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$PagerObserver
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$SavedState
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$SavedState$1
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$SimpleOnPageChangeListener
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderPager$ViewPositionComparator
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/type/BaseAnimation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.BaseAnimation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/data/type/ThinWormAnimationValue.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.data.type.ThinWormAnimationValue
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/SliderViewBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.SliderViewBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/Clock_SpinTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.Clock_SpinTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/drawer/type/FillDrawer.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.drawer.type.FillDrawer
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/type/SlideAnimation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.SlideAnimation
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.SlideAnimation$1
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/drawer/type/ScaleDownDrawer.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.drawer.type.ScaleDownDrawer
com/example/app/appcenter/widgets/roundedimageview/RoundedDrawable.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.widgets.roundedimageview.RoundedDrawable
 com.example.app.appcenter.widgets.roundedimageview.RoundedDrawable$1
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/VerticalShutTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.VerticalShutTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/LayoutProgressBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.LayoutProgressBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/data/type/SlideAnimationValue.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.data.type.SlideAnimationValue
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/controller/ValueController.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.controller.ValueController
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.controller.ValueController$UpdateListener
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/data/Value.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.data.Value
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/ListItemTopSliderBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.ListItemTopSliderBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/drawer/type/ThinWormDrawer.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.drawer.type.ThinWormDrawer
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/SliderCardViewBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.SliderCardViewBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/drawer/type/BasicDrawer.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.drawer.type.BasicDrawer
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/drawer/type/BaseDrawer.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.drawer.type.BaseDrawer
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/data/type/WormAnimationValue.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.data.type.WormAnimationValue
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/type/SwapAnimation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.SwapAnimation
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.SwapAnimation$1
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/data/type/ScaleAnimationValue.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.data.type.ScaleAnimationValue
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/AntiClockSpinTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.AntiClockSpinTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/SliderViewAdapter.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderViewAdapter
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderViewAdapter$DataSetListener
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.SliderViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/data/Indicator.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.data.Indicator
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/CubeOutRotationTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.CubeOutRotationTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/type/ColorAnimation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.ColorAnimation
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.ColorAnimation$1
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/ZoomOutTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.ZoomOutTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/drawer/type/SwapDrawer.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.drawer.type.SwapDrawer
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/utils/IdUtils.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.utils.IdUtils
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/FanTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.FanTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/ListItmeTopThreeAppsBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.ListItmeTopThreeAppsBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/SimpleTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.SimpleTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/controller/AttributeController.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.controller.AttributeController
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/type/WormAnimation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.WormAnimation
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.WormAnimation$1
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.WormAnimation$RectValues
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/InfiniteAdapter/InfinitePagerAdapter.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.InfiniteAdapter.InfinitePagerAdapter
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/CubeInScalingTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.CubeInScalingTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/ListItemOtherAppsBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.ListItemOtherAppsBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/FragmentMoreAppBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.FragmentMoreAppBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/data/type/SwapAnimationValue.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.data.type.SwapAnimationValue
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/controller/DrawController.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.controller.DrawController
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.controller.DrawController$1
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.controller.DrawController$ClickListener
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/draw/data/RtlMode.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.draw.data.RtlMode
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/controller/AnimationController.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.controller.AnimationController
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.controller.AnimationController$1
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/ListItemMoreAppsBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.ListItemMoreAppsBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/HingeTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.HingeTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/SpinnerTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.SpinnerTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/DialogLayoutBackpressedBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.DialogLayoutBackpressedBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/IndicatorView/animation/type/AnimationType.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.IndicatorView.animation.type.AnimationType
com/example/app/appcenter/databinding/LayoutWentWrongBinding.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.databinding.LayoutWentWrongBinding
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/FidgetSpinTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.FidgetSpinTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/CubeOutDepthTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.CubeOutDepthTransformation
com/example/app/appcenter/autoimageslider/Transformations/VerticalFlipTransformation.java
 com.example.app.appcenter.autoimageslider.Transformations.VerticalFlipTransformation
